DUE: Monday, March 24, 2014, 2:30 PM
CS 485 Final Project Progress Report (1) 
Objective: 
Finish a complete design document with details for your game. To provide an update of your project thus far, and where you are in your planned schedule. 
Submission: 
Turn in your design document and progress report on cougar courses and a printed copy in class. This is a group assignment, so each group only needs to submit one copy. 
Description: 

1. Design Document (70%) 
The Design document (8-10 pages) should a fairly detailed plan from which you could build the game. It should describe the game world, the feature set, game characters, user interface, weapons, sound effects, etc. See the attached “Design Document” by Ernest W. Adams for further discussion. 
Note that not all sections may be applicable to your game, and the length that is being requested is shorter than what would be expected in industry. So you will have to use your own judgment regarding how to make best use of the 8-10 pages that you are allotted for this. Your design document can include sketches and level designs, but be sure not include so many figures that you do not have enough space for your text descriptions. 

2. Progress Update (20%) 
Provide a brief time-line update of your progress so far and what remains to be done, with contributions from each group member. This should be about 1-2 pages, with some screenshots if applicable.

Currently our team member have been working on making characters for our game world. Evan H. has done some control for the game characters, he can make the character make the basic moves such as walk, run, and jump. Evan is also playing with the camera as to make the changes of the character seem very smothly. Jhon, Sadib and Mary are currently working on making character for our game. Playing with blender has been a challange for all of us since we are not great artistist people. We don't have complete character currently to demostrate them in detail, most of us went off topic this past week with the adreladine of midterm, but are now comming back again and ready to continue with this project. 

There is still much to do for this project all of the member have agreed that we need to finish the characters as soon as possible to start making sure that all the controls that Evan is working on will be working propertly for our models. As described previously our game is based on the Mario and other similar games in terms of the game world scenes. Therefore in the comming week we will be working on the paths that our character will adventure on. 

3. In-class Presentation (10%) 
Each group will present its design document and progress on the due date. You should discuss some details of game design and current progress. Although it is not required, you can also show a demo of your project if you have one working.

